update readme (#18)
buildkite-plugins/vault-secrets-buildkite-plugin: README.md

These are then exposed via a [gitcredential helper](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitcredentials) which will download the
credentials as needed.

## Options
***
The Vault Secrets plugin supports a number of different configuration options.

### `server`
The address of the target Vault server. Example: `https://my-vault-server:8200`

### `path`
Alternative Base Path to use for Vault secrets. This is expected to be a [KV Store](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/secrets/kv#kv-version-2)  

Defaults to: `data/buildkite`

### `auth`

> Configure the authentication parameters the plugin should use to authenticate with Vault.

Reviewer: I would clarify that this is expected to be a dictionary/map and remove one of the two times `authenticate` is used for easier reading:
```suggestion
Dictionary/map with the configuration of the parameters the plugin should use to authenticate with Vault.
```

> `auth` accepts the following options:

Reviewer: Technically, they are not options, just expected keys in the dictionary/map. As such, and to make them easier to reference I would add them with the same structure as other plugin options

`method` (required)
The auth method to use when authenticating with Vault. Currently only `approle` is supported

`approle`
Configures the plugin to use AppRole authentication to the Vault server. Requires a `role-id` be set.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`role-id` (required)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The role-id the plugin should use to authenticate to Vault
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`secret-env`

> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The environment variable which holds the **secret-id** used to authenticate to vault. Default `VAULT_SECRET_ID`

Reviewer: I don't think that this is a good way to show these options. Not only they are horrible in the source code, but also it kind of implies that the `approle` key should have a sub-dictionary with these keys.

Author: Good call - removed 😅

> `method` (required)
> The auth method to use when authenticating with Vault. Currently only `approle` is supported
> 
> `approle`
> Configures the plugin to use AppRole authentication to the Vault server. Requires a `role-id` be set.
> 
> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`role-id` (required)
> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The role-id the plugin should use to authenticate to Vault
> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`secret-env`
> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The environment variable which holds the **secret-id** used to authenticate to vault. Default `VAULT_SECRET_ID`
> 
> 

Reviewer: As mentioned before, I would change the format of these keys to a similar one used for all other top-level plugin options:

```suggestion
#### `method` (required)

The auth method to use when authenticating with Vault. Currently only `approle` is supported

Possible values:
* `approle`: use AppRole authentication to the Vault server (requires a `role-id` be set)

#### `role-id` (required for `approle`)

The role-id the plugin should use to authenticate to Vault. Has no default value

#### `secret-env` (optional)

The environment variable which holds the **secret-id** used to authenticate to vault. Default `VAULT_SECRET_ID`
```

Example:

```yaml
steps:
  - command: ./run_build.sh
    plugins:
      - vault-secrets#v0.2.2:
          server: https://my-vault-server
          auth:
            method: 'approle'
            role-id: 'my-role-id'
            secret-env: 'MY_SECRET_ENV'
```

## Testing
---
### Unit tests
The unit tests are written using BATS, you can test locally with:
```bash
make test
```
or using docker-compose:
```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml run --rm tests
```

### Integration test

The integration tests are run by spinning up a local vault container in dev mode, and configuring them with some data.

```bash
make integration-test
```

When writing test plans, note that secrets are processed in the order they appear in the list returned from the Vault.

### Testing the pipeline

> You can test the pipeline locally using the `bk cli`

Reviewer: I would add a clarification here about why the additional environment variable is necessary

Author: Good call - done!
